---
title: Rebuilt and redesigned
description: After shutting down my members areas, I've rebuilt my website to focus on my stories and worlds.
date: 2024-11-05 16:00:00
head:
    title: Chris Rosser | Blog | Redesign
---

After shutting down my members area (aka the Scriptorium), I've rebuilt ChrisRosser.net to focus on my creative writing only. My newsletter is now hosted on [Substack](https://chrisrosser.substack.com/), and all my technical articles are published on [Medium](https://medium.com/@chrisrosser).

I no longer host or store anybody's personal information, nor directly offer subscriptions or patronage. Theses changes have been reflected in my [privacy policy](/privacy).

I've wanted to separate concerns for a long time, and now I've finally put things were they best belong. My hope is that I find renewed focus in each domain where I dabble, and not muddy the waters so much.

My next project is some creative world-building, and I plan to expand the site substantially to publish my fantasy settings in a fun and pleasing format. After which, I really hope to return writing.


## The technical stuff

I rebuilt the site in [Nuxt](https://nuxt.com) with TailwindCSS and DaisyUI. This replaces Ghost, which I previously used for several years, and returns me to the site's statically-generated roots. That's means I've finally embraced the JamStack to its fullest - no more servers, databases or banging my head against Ghost's chronically limited types and themes.

My blog and world-building articles live separate GitHub repos, while my books and reading list live in the main repo - I may spin those off to separate repos later, making it easier for me to write content and edit code in clearly delineated workflows.  

For posterity's sake, and so I don't forget myself, here's the task list I worked through when making the changes:

- [x] Add a _now_ page
- [x] Add a _what I use_ page.
- [x] Add [_Cadoc's Contract_ book page](/books/cadocs-contract)
- [x] Add [_Mistress of Skeinhold_ book page](/books/mistress-of-skeinhold)
- [x] Add [_The Codex of Destiny_](/books/codex-of-destiny) book page
- [x] Add [_A Shade of Flesh and Bone_](/books/shade-flesh-bone) book page
- [x] Add [reading list](/reading)
- [x] Update privacy policy
- [x] Add an [about page](/about)
- [x] Migrate to TailwindCSS and DaisyUI
- [x] Add worlds sections
- [x] Add a static blog
- [x] Create the home page

    - [x] Hero
    - [x] Book list component
    - [x] Book progress widget
    - [x] Reading progress widget
    - [x] Welcome widget